Vejleder comments (#53)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/related_works.tex

\todo[inline]{explain these two (explained in section 3 in tea leaves)}
\citet{topic_coherence_2015} introduce new measures for evaluating topic models, where some of them use the co-occurrence or conditional probability of words within topics to measure how coherent the topics are. 
In order to verify that these metrics work, they conduct a large user study in conjunction with these metric evaluations.

\citet{li2006pachinko} present a \gls{dag} structured topic model, called the \gls{pam}, where topics are in a hierarchical structure, which allows it to find two types of topics, namely super-topics and sub-topics. \vejleder[inline]{expand} 

\citet{card2017neural} describe how to incorporate metadata information within a neural network to find topics using variational inference methods.\vejleder[inline]{expand}

There also exist a variety of models that look at either document or word metadata.
Some examples of models that incorporate document-level metadata are: Supervised LDA (sLDA) by \citet{blei2010supervised}, Labelled LDA (LLDA) by \citet{llda2009}, and the Dirichlet Multinomial Regression (DMR) model by \citet{mimno2008topic}.

> SLDA learns a model given the restriction of only having one label per document, while LLDA allows multiple labels per document, though it requires the number of topics to be the same as the number of unique meta-data labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SLDA learns a model given the restriction of only having one label per document, while LLDA allows multiple labels per document, though it requires the number of topics to be the same as the number of unique metadata labels.
```
